Ha, ha, that's only 30 million.
Let your Lin Mengdi's soul be bought
A mere 30 million
Your life is worth more than a fraction of this necklace
Still talking big here
I said you don't deserve me
I am Lin Mengdi's man
It can never be like you
The burden of not seeing hope
OK
Hope you don't regret it
Go to your bed
I want to harvest the traces he left
Let you just remember?
What's the hurry?
Want to get it so easily
Hey, I got you a present
Do you want it or not?
Diamond luxury car
I have no shortage of Golden Dragon Awards for Best Actress
I can get it for you.
I knew you were the one who loved me the most
You are much better than that flying dance
Let's see what true love is